README.md, before:

WAZNIYA Android Wallet
======================

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-EUPL--1.2-red)](https://opensource.org/licenses/EUPL-1.2)

WAZNIYA Android Wallet enables users to securely store, send, receive WAZN and monitor its balance. Application is a fully open-sourced, decentralized and free app.

## About WAZN

WAZN is a private digital currency, it is cash for a connected world. It’s fast, private, and secure. With WAZN, you are your own bank.  
You can spend it safely, knowing that others cannot see your balances or track your activity. [WAZN Project](https://wazn.io)

## 100% Privacy

App is not collecting or storing any user personal information.
It provides the best possible security and experience for users.

## 100% Open Source

Secure, reliable, auditable. Available to be developed by the community.

## Enjoyable User Experience

Simple, efficient, ease of use. The easiest way to get started with cryptocurrencies.

- Multi-Language UI
- Custom Node Addition
- Perfect For Mobile
- QR code Payment
- Cross-platform Support

## Build instructions

https://github.com/project-wazn/wazn-android-lib

Open wazniya-android repo in Android Studio and build APK.

## License
```
Licensed under the EUPL-1.2
Copyright (c) 2020 WAZN Project
Copyright (c) 2019 WooKey Wallet
```

Commit message:

v0.9.6-beta :star2:
100% working, assets are safe, some bugs are present. Some calls within app regarding payment ids will be cleaned in next version.

README.md, after:

WAZNIYA Android Wallet
======================

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-EUPL--1.2-red)](https://opensource.org/licenses/EUPL-1.2)

WAZNIYA Android Wallet enables users to securely store, send, receive WAZN and monitor its balance. Application is entirely open-sourced, decentralized and free to use.

<img src="https://wazniya.com/downloads/wazniya-screen1.png">	&nbsp;	&nbsp;	&nbsp;	&nbsp;	<img src="https://wazniya.com/downloads/wazniya-screen2.png">

## 100% Privacy

App is not collecting or storing any user personal information.
It provides the best possible security and experience for users.

## 100% Open Source

Secure, reliable, auditable. Available to be developed by the community.

## Features

- Own your assets: you are in full control
- Explore WAZN with your mobile device
- Simple and easy to use
- Private keys are safely encrypted and stored on your device
- Backup your wallet if your device gets lost or stolen

## Enjoyable User Experience

Simple, efficient and easy to use. The easiest way to get started with cryptocurrencies.

- Multi-Language UI
- Custom Node Addition
- Perfect For Mobile
- QR code Payment
- Cross-platform Support

## Build instructions

https://github.com/wazniya/wazn-android-lib

Open wazniya-android repo in Android Studio and build APK.

## About WAZN

WAZN is a private digital currency, it is cash for a connected world. It’s fast, private, and secure. With WAZN, you are your own bank.  
You can spend it safely, knowing that others cannot see your balances or track your activity. [WAZN Project](https://wazn.io)

## License
```
Licensed under the EUPL-1.2
Copyright (c) 2020 Wazniya & WAZN Project
Copyright (c) 2019 WooKey Wallet
```
